URL: https://thelightphone.com/about-us
TITLE: About us | The Light Phone
FETCHED: 2026-05-24T22:15:18.290Z

The internet can be sketchy. view our cookie policy
acknowledged
menu
shop

Limited Quantity Light Phone IIIs Available Now via Noble Mobile!

Light was born as an alternative to the tech monopolies that are fighting more and more aggressively for our time & attention. Light creates tools that respect you. Objects that empower you to be your best self. Technology intentionally designed to be used as little as possible. Things that serve you, not the other way around.

Light was founded by Joe Hollier and Kaiwei Tang, an artist and product designer who met in a Google experimental program in 2014. They were encouraged to make smartphone apps and taught on a deeper level how and why different products were being built and funded. It became obvious that the last thing the world needed was another smartphone app fighting for our attention. The interests and nature of these ad-driven platforms will never align with our actual quality of life.


In May 2015, we launched our first Kickstarter campaign for the original Light Phone, your phone away from phone. It represents an experience we call going light. It’s a way to enjoy quality time away from the pressures of the smartphone, doing whatever it is that you love to do the most, maintaining the peace of mind that you are still reachable.

The reaction was strong and polarizing, and we hit on a fascinating conversation that was emerging and is still growing exponentially today. The ripple effects of our current relationship to technology cross into almost every aspect of our lives.


The Original Light Phone

In January 2017, we began shipping the original Light Phone. It was truly inspiring to see the variety of different ways our users incorporated the Light Phone into their lives. We learned a lot. Many of the active Light Phone users had the feeling that they'd like to go light more often, or for good really, and that got us thinking about the Light Phone II.



The Light Phone II

In March of 2018 we launched a campaign for the Light Phone II. The Light Phone II brings a few essentials like messaging, an alarm clock, and a roadmap of future tools. It uses a unqiue E-Ink screen. We also created the LightOS, a custom operating system that prioritizes intentional use and user privacy. We began shipping the Light Phone II in September 2019 and have spent the following years improving the LightOS and adding more tools.



The Light Phone III

In June 2024 we announced the upcoming Light Phone III. It's not a direct replacement of the Light Phone II, which we'll continue to produce and sell, but another option. It adds a metal exterior, a new matte OLED display, more antennas and most notably a camera in a slightly larger form factor. It began shipping in March 2025.

The Light Phones are just the beginning of Light.

Sincere thanks for spending some time with our project.

Much Love,
Light

visit our blog
investment opportunities
light
blog
plans
shop
faq
dashboard
support
about us
submit

something went wrong, please try again

successfully submitted your email

subscribe to our newsletter, sent sparingly

the light phone inc. 19 morris avenue brooklyn, ny 11205

terms
privacy policy
return policy
investment