URL: https://daylightcomputer.com
TITLE: Daylight | A More Caring Computer
FETCHED: 2026-05-24T21:56:42.968Z

Home
Product
FAQ
ORDER NOW

Meet Daylight Kids

ACCESORIES INCLUDED

TAKE A PEEK ↗

Newsletter

GET UPDATES · NO SPAM

Newsletter

Sign up for updates, guides and more resources. No spam.

SUBSCRIBE
The computer, de-invented

Meet DC-1. A new kind of computer, designed for deep focus and wellbeing.

Newsletter

GET UPDATES · NO SPAM

Newsletter

Sign up for updates, guides and more resources. No spam.

SUBSCRIBE
✓ IN STOCK · SHIPS IN 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS
ORDER NOW
The world’s first full-speed
paper-like display
Smooth interactions

Scroll, zoom, turn pages—even watch video— without any lag

A calm experience

Stay connected with yourself and what’s around you

For your health

Say goodbye to eye-strain—designed for full sunlight and nighttime

A distraction-free space for
learning & creativity

Live Paper display

We invented a new type of display that’s like E Ink, but faster. It looks and feels like paper, but runs at 60fps, so you can work fluidly, and use all your apps without compromise.

Reading

Your new favorite reading app for books and documents

Note-taking

Write, draw and annotate on a fast, paper-like surface

Writing

A sacred space for focused writing without distraction
With all the
apps you need

Use all your favorite apps without the distractions—it's the best of both worlds.

The vision for Daylight is to build a whole ecosystem of healthier, more humane computers that respect our health, attention, and freedom.

outdoor computing

it's a computer you
can use outside

Read in broad daylight with a screen that uses the sun as its backlight.

DC-1 lights up beautifully outdoors without distracting reflections, so you can read outside any time of the day.

No eye-strain

Flicker-free display is
easy on the eyes

Extended battery

Days of use on a
single charge

Backlight optional

Read in direct sunlight,
no backlight needed

Dive deeper
into Daylight

Dive deeper into every section on the site and find what you are looking for.

PRODUCT

SPECS

FAQ

SUPPORT

What people
are saying

Akshay Kothari

Co-Founder @NotionHQ

“It’s the only computer I feel comfortable sharing with my kids!”

9:02 PM • May 23, 2024

Waqas Ali

Founder @Atoms

“Daylight gets it, a computer that brings the simplicity back to our digital life.”

8:28 PM • May 23, 2024

Soleio

Early Design @Meta @Dropbox

“The Daylight is the computer of tomorrow. It does not bathe you in blue light or endless notifications. [...] It’s fast and beautiful, like a trim little boat.”

10:26 AM • May 22, 2024

:~#

Founder @UrsaBio

“There is simply no better device out there right now for reading long-form, navigating knowledge archives or the night sky, panning around, zooming and marking up PDFs, and writing.”

5:12 PM • May 23, 2024

know more about daylight on:

Daylight is a Public Benefit Co.

One of my big surprises of Silicon Valley was finding out how nice & well intentioned many of the execs of “evil big tech” were. Shocking because I expected them to be evil. Heartbreaking because they weren’t.

It meant big tech do bad not cuz of who runs them, but because of the systematic forces they’re beholden to, ie business model & shareholder mandate.

So to make tech that does less evil, it’s not enough to believe we’re good people with good intentions. We need to root cause solve the systematic disincentives.

Thus, we decided daylight should be a PBC, with a double bottom line: not just a fiduciary duty to shareholders, but also a civil duty to uphold our public benefit purpose:

To help technology and humanity live happily ever after.

Anjan Katta
Founder & CEO
DC-1 AT A GLANCE

Fast, paper-like display

Read, write, take notes

Use all your apps

Sunlight readable

Blue-light free backlight

ORDER NOW

Ships within 3-5 business days

© 2026 • Daylight Computer Co. • Daylight is a Public Benefit Co.

Daylight Computer operates on behalf of JANGLE INNOVATIONS INC

Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Service
NAVIGATION
Home
Product
Blog
FAQ
WHO WE ARE

A more caring computer company

SOCIALS
GET UPDATES
GET UPDATES