URL: https://apple.com/ipad-pro
TITLE: iPad Pro - Apple
FETCHED: 2026-05-24T22:09:17.605Z

Apple
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Accessories
Support
0
+
iPad Pro
Overview
Tech Specs
Compare
Buy
iPad Pro
iPad Pro

Mmmmm. Power.

Buy

From $999 or $83.25/mo. for 12 mo.*

Get the highlights.
Item 1
Item 2
Item 3
Item 4
Item 5
Item 6

M5 chip.
Furiously fast. The next giant leap for AI on iPad.

iPadOS 26. Powerfully redesigned.
Game-changing capabilities.

Do more with Apple Intelligence** —
from Image Wand to Live Translation.1

Ultra Retina XDR. The world’s most advanced display. Extreme brightness and precise contrast.

Sleek, lightweight design for ultimate portability and versatility.

5.1 mm

13-inch model

Advanced features and comfortable typing with Magic Keyboard. Precise creative control with Apple Pencil Pro.2

Take a closer look.
Space Black
Space Black
Silver
M5.
Creator. Accelerator.

The M5 chip pushes the limits of what’s possible on iPad Pro to drive performance and efficiency like never before. A next-generation 10‑core GPU with powerful new Neural Accelerators dramatically speeds up AI tasks — from large language model (LLM) token generation to generative imagery. And the multithreaded CPU performance and faster memory deliver breakthrough speed for your workflows.

Up to
6.7x faster
pro rendering performance with ray tracing than iPad Pro with M13
Up to
4x faster
AI image generation than iPad Pro with M14
Learn how M5 powers performance
iPadOS and apps.
A tour de workforce.

iPadOS 26 introduces a stunning new design with Liquid Glass and game-changing enhancements that put iPad Pro productivity on a new level. A reimagined, intuitive windowing system gives you greater power and flexibility than ever before. Run pro apps, play high-performance games, and take on creative projects of any size with an intuitive touch-first experience.

Next-level productivity. Open more windows at once, resize and rearrange them your way, and split your screen into thirds or quarters.

Intensive tasks run behind the scenes with Background Tasks. And you can easily manage everything that’s running with Live Activities.

Capture and edit Smart HDR images and up to 4K ProRes video. Open and manipulate larger 3D scenes. And run more complex AI models, all with pro apps.

Explore what you can do on iPad
Apple Intelligence.
Works hard. You take it easy.

iPad Pro is built for Apple Intelligence. Create, communicate, and get things done effortlessly with groundbreaking privacy protections at every step.**

Learn more about Apple Intelligence

Do more with the help of Siri and ChatGPT. Explore new visual styles in Image Playground, ask questions about photos and documents, and leverage additional expertise.

Accelerate your workflows with shortcuts, intelligent actions that can summarize text, create images, or tap into Apple Intelligence models.

Use Clean Up to instantly remove unwanted distractions in your photos. Identify the object and remove it with a tap. Or for even greater precision, use your Apple Pencil.10

Apple Intelligence is designed to protect your privacy at every step. It’s integrated into the core of iPad Pro through on-device processing. So it’s aware of your personal information without collecting your personal information. And with groundbreaking Private Cloud Compute, Apple Intelligence can draw on larger server-based models, running on Apple silicon, to handle more complex requests for you while protecting your privacy.

Ultra Retina XDR. The world’s most advanced display.

Stream Silo on Apple TV with a subscription

The Ultra Retina XDR display is built with groundbreaking tandem OLED technology, which generates amazing brightness, precise contrast, and extreme dynamic range performance. Advanced technologies like ProMotion and True Tone give you a jaw-dropping visual experience. And you can use Reference Mode for color-accurate workflows.

1000 nits
full-screen brightness

1600 nits
peak HDR brightness

2,000,000:1
contrast ratio

True Tone
for comfortable viewing

ProMotion
adaptive 10–120Hz refresh rate

P3
wide color

Immerse yourself in Ultra Retina XDR
Design.
A powerhouse of portability.

Despite an unbelievably thin and light design, iPad Pro delivers astonishing power and all-day battery life5 for game-changing productivity. And now with fast charging, get up to 50 percent charge in around 30 minutes.11

Dive into materials and design
Apple Pencil Pro.
Engineered for limitless creativity.

Apple Pencil sets the standard for how drawing, painting, handwriting, and note-taking should feel — intuitive, precise, and magical. All with pixel‑perfect precision, low latency, tilt sensitivity, and support for palm rejection.
And Apple Pencil Pro adds even more capabilities to bring your ideas to life like never before.2

Explore more Apple Pencil features
View Apple Pencil Pro in action
Magic Keyboard.
Precision at your fingertips.

Magic Keyboard delivers an amazing typing and trackpad experience in a sleek, portable design with an aluminum palm rest.12 The keyboard includes a function row and a large glass trackpad with haptic feedback for precise work and Multi‑Touch gestures.

Learn more about keyboards for iPad
Tap into the Magic Keyboard
Mics.
Cameras.
Action.

Shoot, edit, and share all on one device with a pro camera system with LiDAR Scanner, studio-quality mics, and four speakers. Capture 4K ProRes video, record a podcast, and pick the right microphone for each app with the input chooser.

12MP Wide camera with adaptive True Tone flash.

Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera puts you front and center.

Studio-quality mics for great video calls.

Four-speaker sound system for rich audio.

Explore the camera system
Wi-Fi and cellular.
Grab-and-go connectivity.

Workflows go wherever you do with the better performance and reliability of Wi-Fi 7,13 Bluetooth 6, and Thread — all enabled by N1, our new wireless networking chip.

The second-generation C1X cellular modem supports faster data speeds at greater efficiency while maintaining worldwide 5G coverage. So you can securely access files, communicate with collaborators, and back up data while out and about.14

Up to
50% faster
cellular data performance
Wi-Fi 7
5G
Stay connected like a pro
Why Apple is the best place to buy iPad.
Shop iPad
Pay over time, interest‑free.

When you choose to check
out at Apple with Apple Card Monthly Installments.◊

Save up to $670 with Apple Trade In.

Get credit toward your next iPad when you trade in an eligible device.16

Save on iPad with education pricing.***

College students and educators can save through the Apple Store.***

Meet your new iPad with Personal Setup.

Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your iPad and discover new features.

Get flexible delivery and easy pickup.

Choose two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup options.

Personalize your iPad for free.

Engrave your new iPad with a mix of emoji, names, initials, and numbers.

Shop live with a Specialist.

Let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions.

Explore a shopping experience designed around you.

Use the Apple Store app to get a more personal way to shop.

Keep exploring iPad.
Explore all iPad

iPad Pro

Available in Space black, and Silver

The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology.

From $999 or $83.25/mo. for 12 mo.*

Currently viewing
 Buy

13” or 11”

Ultra Retina XDR display19

ProMotion technology

P3 wide color

True Tone

Antireflective coating

Nano-texture display glass option on 1TB and 2TB models

M5 chip

Up to 10-core CPU

10-core GPU

16-core Neural Engine

Apple Intelligence**

12MP Wide camera

4K video, ProRes

Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera

TrueDepth camera system

Supports
Apple Pencil Pro

Supports
Apple Pencil (USB‑C)

Supports
Magic Keyboard
for iPad Pro

New

iPad Air

Available in Space gray, Blue, Purple, and Starlight

Serious performance in a thin and light design.

From $599 or $49.91/mo. for 12 mo.*

Learn more Buy

13” or 11”

Liquid Retina display19

P3 wide color

True Tone

Antireflective coating

M4 chip

8-core CPU

9-core GPU

16-core Neural Engine

Apple Intelligence**

12MP Wide camera

4K video

Landscape 12MP Center Stage camera

Supports
Apple Pencil Pro

Supports
Apple Pencil (USB‑C)

Supports
Magic Keyboard
for iPad Air

Compare all iPad models
iPad Pro and the environment.
Learn more in our Product Environmental Report (PDF)
Made with 30% recycled material by weight.

Manufactured with 55% renewable electricity.

Ships in 100% fiber-based packaging.

Our values lead the way.
A plan as innovative as our products.

We’re committed to bringing net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.

Learn more about environment

Privacy.
That’s Apple.

Privacy is a fundamental human right. Every product and service is designed to help keep your data safe and secure.

Learn more about privacy

Innovation that’s accessible by design.

Our products and services are designed for everyone, with built-in features to help you do what you love, your way.

Learn more about accessibility

iPad
Explore iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Shop iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
More from iPad
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 26
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
Apple Footer
* Financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as your payment type at checkout at Apple. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. ACMI is not available for purchases made at special storefronts or when using such special discounts in-store at Apple, except ACMI is available at the Education storefront and with the Education discount. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.
** Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see support.apple.com/121115.
*** Available to current and newly accepted college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff, and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. See Terms for more information.
◊ Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See here for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of January 1, 2026, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 17.49% to 27.74%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers (prepaid carrier plans are not supported): AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made at the following special storefronts or when using these discounts in-store at Apple: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.

To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.

Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Goldman Sachs Bank USA for Apple Card and Savings accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank.

All communications from Apple and Goldman Sachs Bank USA about Apple Card (including transactional and marketing communications) and customer service support are available in English. Certain communications about Apple Card can be viewed in another language depending on your device language settings. If you reside in the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, or U.S. Minor Outlying Islands, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card.

Live Translation in Messages is available in Apple Intelligence–supported languages when Apple Intelligence is enabled on a compatible iPhone, iPad, or Mac, as well as on Apple Watch Series 9 and later, Apple Watch Ultra 2 and later, and Apple Watch SE 3 when paired with an Apple Intelligence–enabled iPhone. See support.apple.com/121115 for supported languages. Live Translation in Phone and FaceTime is available for one-on-one calls in Chinese (Mandarin, Simplified), Chinese (Mandarin, Traditional), English (UK, U.S.), French (France), German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil), and Spanish (Spain) when Apple Intelligence is enabled on a compatible iPhone, iPad, or Mac.
Accessories sold separately.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2025 using preproduction iPad Pro 13-inch (M5) units with 10-core CPU and 16GB of unified memory, as well as production iPad Pro 12.9-inch (5th generation) units with 8-core CPU and 16GB of unified memory. Octane X 2025.3.01 tested using a scene with 780,000 meshes and 27 million unique primitives, utilizing hardware-accelerated ray tracing on systems with M5. Performance tests are conducted using specific iPad units and reflect the approximate performance of iPad Pro.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2025 using preproduction iPad Pro 13-inch (M5) units with 10-core CPU and 16GB of unified memory, as well as production iPad Pro 12.9-inch (5th generation) units with 8-core CPU and 16GB of unified memory. Tested with prerelease Draw Things v1.20250820.0 on systems with M5, v1.20250829.0 on systems with M1, and a 1024x1024 text-to-image generation with step-distilled Qwen Image model at 6-bit quantization in 2 steps. Performance tests are conducted using specific iPad units and reflect the approximate performance of iPad Pro.
Battery life varies by use and settings. See apple.com/batteries for more information.
iPad Pro models with 256GB or 512GB storage feature the Apple M5 chip with 9‑core CPU. iPad Pro models with 1TB or 2TB storage feature the Apple M5 chip with 10‑core CPU.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2025 using preproduction iPad Pro 13-inch (M5) units with 10-core CPU, production iPad Pro 13-inch (M4) units with 10-core CPU, and production iPad Pro 12.9-inch (5th generation) units with 8-core CPU, all with 16GB of unified memory. Final Cut Pro for iPad v2.3 tested using a 5-minute clip with 4K HEVC 8-bit media, at 3840x2160 resolution and 30 frames per second, transcoded to Apple ProRes 422. Performance tests are conducted using specific iPad units and reflect the approximate performance of iPad Pro.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2025 using preproduction iPad Pro 13-inch (M5) units with 10-core CPU, production iPad Pro 13-inch (M4) units with 10-core CPU, and production iPad Pro 12.9-inch (5th generation) units with 8-core CPU, all with 16GB of unified memory. Prerelease DaVinci Resolve 20.2 for iPad tested with SuperScale HD to UHD (2x Enhanced) and a clip with Apple ProRes 4444 media, at 1920x1080 resolution and 24 frames per second. Performance tests are conducted using specific iPad units and reflect the approximate performance of iPad Pro.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2025 using preproduction iPad Pro 13-inch (M5) units with 10-core CPU and 16GB of unified memory, as well as production iPad Pro 13-inch (M4) units with 10-core CPU and 16GB of unified memory. Tested with Affinity Photo 2 v2.6.3 using the built-in benchmark version 25000. Performance tests are conducted using specific iPad units and reflect the approximate performance of iPad Pro.
Clean Up is available in beta. For compatible devices and system requirements, see support.apple.com/en-us/121429.
Testing conducted by Apple in August and September 2025 using preproduction iPad Pro 11-inch (M5) and iPad Pro 13-inch (M5) units, and USB‑C Charge Cable with Apple 40W Dynamic Power Adapter with 60W Max (Model A3351) or Apple 70W USB-C Power Adapter (Model A2743). Fast-charge testing conducted with drained iPad Pro units. Times measured from the appearance of the Apple logo as the unit started up. Charge time varies with settings and environmental factors; actual results will vary.
Magic Keyboard sold separately.
Wi‑Fi 7 available in countries and regions where supported.
Data plan required. 5G is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ipad/cellular.
Not all carriers support eSIM. See your carrier for more details. eSIM technology works with iPad Pro (M4 and M5), iPad Pro 11‑inch (1st–4th generation), iPad Pro 12.9‑inch (3rd–6th generation), iPad Air (M2, M3, and M4), iPad Air (3rd–5th generation), iPad (A16), iPad (7th–10th generation), iPad mini (A17 Pro), and iPad mini (5th and 6th generation).
Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply.
Apple Watch Hermès is not eligible for education savings.
You can return your iPad even if you engrave it. And when you’re ready to upgrade, it won’t change your trade‑in value.
The displays have rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the 13‑inch iPad Pro is 13 inches, the 11‑inch iPad Pro is 11.1 inches, the 13‑inch iPad Air is 12.9 inches, and the 11‑inch iPad Air is 10.86 inches. Actual viewable area is less.
Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages.
Apps are available on the App Store. Title availability is subject to change.
Architectural Project designed by Alberto Beitia using Trimble SketchUp.
Arknights: Endfield coming to iPadOS. Release date subject to change. See developer website for current release information.
Some apps may require subscription.
© 2025 Black Forest Labs.

Apple
 iPad
 iPad Pro
Shop and Learn
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Account
Manage Your Apple Account
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple Store
Find a Store
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Group Reservations
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
Apple and Healthcare
For Government
Apple and Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Shop for State and Local Employees
Shop for Federal Employees
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supply Chain Innovation
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753).
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
United States