URL: https://apple.com/ipad
TITLE: iPad - Apple
FETCHED: 2026-05-24T22:07:00.553Z

Apple
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Accessories
Support
0
+

Buy iPad with education savings.*Shop

iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
New
iPad
iPad mini
Compare
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Accessories
iPadOS 26
Shop iPad
Explore the lineup.
Compare all models
iPad Pro
space black
silver

The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology.

From $999 or $83.25/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
New
iPad Air
space gray
blue
purple
starlight

Serious performance in a thin and light design.

From $599 or $49.91/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
iPad
blue
pink
yellow
silver

The colorful, all‑screen iPad for the things you do every day.

From $349 or $29.08/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
iPad mini
space gray
blue
purple
starlight

The full iPad experience in an ultraportable design.

From $499 or $41.58/mo. for 12 mo.**

Learn more
Buy
Why Apple is the best
place to buy iPad.
Shop iPad
Ways to Buy

Pay over time, interest‑free.

When you choose to check out at Apple with Apple Card Monthly Installments.◊

Learn more about Apple Card Monthly Installments
Apple Trade In

Save up to $670 with Apple Trade In.

Get credit towards your next iPad when you trade in an eligible device.1

Learn more about Apple Trade in
Education

Save on iPad with education pricing.*

College students and educators can save through the Apple Store.*

Learn more, education pricing
Personal Setup

Meet your new iPad with Personal Setup.

Jump into online sessions with a Specialist to set up your iPad and discover new features.

Learn more about your new iPad
Delivery and Pickup

Get flexible delivery and easy pickup.

Choose two‑hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery or easy pickup options.

Learn more about delivery and pickup options.
Engraving

Personalize your iPad for free.

Engrave your new iPad with a mix of emoji, names, initials and numbers.

Learn more about engraving your iPad
Guided Shopping

Shop live with a Specialist.

Let us guide you live over video and answer all of your questions.

Learn more about shopping with a Specialist over video
Apple Store App

Explore a shopping experience designed around you.

Use the Apple Store app to get a more personal way to shop.

Learn more about shopping using Apple Store app
Get to know iPad.
iPadOS + Apps

Flexible windowing. A multitasker’s delight.

Apple Intelligence

Effortlessly helpful every day.

Productivity

Your workplace can be any place.

Creativity

Take your inner artist out and about.

Learning

Your classroom can be anywhere.

Entertainment

Kick back. Tune in. Game on.

Apple Pencil

Dream it up.
Jot it down.

iPad essentials.
Apple Pencil

Dream it up. Jot it down.

Learn more
Keyboards for iPad

Type it out. Take it with you.

Learn more
Significant others.
iPad and iPhone

iPad is perfect for taking the content you capture on iPhone and bringing it to life on an immersive canvas. You can shoot videos and photos on your iPhone and use the large display of your iPad to edit, add animations, and more. You can also pick up wherever you left off with Handoff.

iPad and Mac

iPad and Mac are designed to work together to form the ultimate creative setup. Sketch on your iPad and have it appear instantly on your Mac with Sidecar. Then use your iPad for drawing or editing with Apple Pencil or as a second display. Extend your workflow to new places, and when you return to your desk, Universal Control allows you to use one mouse or trackpad seamlessly across both devices.

iPad and Apple Watch

iPad is a great way to optimize your workouts while tracking your progress on Apple Watch. See personal metrics from Apple Watch integrated on the screen of your iPad in real time. The sensors in Apple Watch combine with advanced algorithms to provide data that keeps you motivated. And see it all come together in the Health app on iPad.

iPad
Explore iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Shop iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
More from iPad
iPad Support
AppleCare
iPadOS 26
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Apple Creator Studio
iCloud+
Education
Apple Footer
* Available to current and newly accepted college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff, and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. See Terms for more information.
** Financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as your payment type at checkout at Apple. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. ACMI is not available for purchases made at special storefronts or when using such special discounts in-store at Apple, except ACMI is available at the Education storefront and with the Education discount. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.
◊ Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1⁠‑⁠8⁠0⁠0⁠‑⁠M⁠Y⁠‑⁠A⁠P⁠P⁠L⁠E, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See here for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of January 1, 2026, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 17.49% to 27.74%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers (prepaid carrier plans are not supported): AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made at the following special storefronts or when using these discounts in-store at Apple: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.

To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.

Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Goldman Sachs Bank USA for Apple Card and Savings accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank.

All communications from Apple and Goldman Sachs Bank USA about Apple Card (including transactional and marketing communications) and customer service support are available in English. Certain communications about Apple Card can be viewed in another language depending on your device language settings. If you reside in the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, or U.S. Minor Outlying Islands, please call Goldman Sachs at 8⁠7⁠7⁠-⁠2⁠5⁠5⁠-⁠5⁠9⁠2⁠3 with questions about Apple Card.


Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply.
Apple Watch Hermès is not eligible for education savings.
You can return your iPad even if you engrave it. And when you’re ready to upgrade, it won’t change your trade‑in value.
Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see support.apple.com/121115.
Live Translation in Messages is available in Apple Intelligence–supported languages when Apple Intelligence is enabled on a compatible iPhone, iPad, or Mac, as well as on Apple Watch Series 9 and later, Apple Watch Ultra 2 and later, and Apple Watch SE 3 when paired with an Apple Intelligence–enabled iPhone. See support.apple.com/121115 for supported languages.
Live Translation in Phone and FaceTime is available for one-on-one calls in Chinese (Mandarin, Simplified), Chinese (Mandarin, Traditional), English (UK, U.S.), French (France), German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazil), and Spanish (Spain) when Apple Intelligence is enabled on a compatible iPhone, iPad, or Mac.
Accessories sold separately.
Data plan required. 5G is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ipad/cellular.
The displays have rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the 13‑inch iPad Pro is 13 inches, the 11‑inch iPad Pro is 11.1 inches, the 13‑inch iPad Air is 12.9 inches, the 11‑inch iPad Air and iPad are 10.86 inches, and the iPad mini is 8.3 inches. Actual viewable area is less.
Apps are available on the App Store. Title availability is subject to change.
“All Of Me” written by Abby Keen, Dyo, Neo Jessica Joshua, PRGRSHN.
Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages.
Some apps may require subscription.

Apple
iPad
Shop and Learn
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Account
Manage Your Apple Account
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple Store
Find a Store
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Group Reservations
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
Apple and Healthcare
For Government
Apple and Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Shop for State and Local Employees
Shop for Federal Employees
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supply Chain Innovation
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753).
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
United States