URL: https://apple.com/education/college-students
TITLE: Education - College Students - Apple
FETCHED: 2026-05-24T22:08:52.636Z

Apple
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Accessories
Support
0
+
College Students
Overview
Success Stories
Shop

Get education savings for students exclusively at the Apple Store.* Shop

Major. 
In any field.

Computer Science with Xcode

Neuroscience with Goodnotes

Industrial Rendering with Shapr3D

Structural Engineering with SketchUp

Biology with Pages

Marketing with Canva

Natural Science with Microsoft PowerPoint

Business Analytics with Microsoft Excel

No matter what you study, ace it with Mac and iPad. Whether you’re analyzing data, collaborating on projects, or bringing ideas to life, you can count on exceptional performance, long battery life, and devices that work together seamlessly — from your first class to your next chapter.

Explore student savings
Students take on college with Apple.
Stella S., Visual Arts and Art History, Class of 2028. 

Stella uses design apps across Mac and iPad to create and edit artwork and is learning to code to take her creativity even further.

Yassin B., Applied AI, Class of 2028. 

Yassin uses Mac to run powerful coding apps for his AI coursework and for his start-up that fights heart disease.

Leo M., Industrial Engineering, Class of 2028. 

Leo uses iPad and Apple Pencil to seamlessly add figures and diagrams to his class notes and to sketch artwork for his music gig posters.

Angie T., Chemistry, Class of 2027. 

On Mac, Angie conducts research and analyses for her chemistry labs and learns to mix and produce music in her free time.

Deinbo J., Electrical and Computer Engineering, Class of 2028. 

Deinbo uses iPad with Apple Pencil to draft schematics in his engineering classes and to design clothing for his side hustle.

Marjorie W., Cognitive Science and Business, Class of 2029. 

Marjorie uses Mac to run intensive data analyses for her major and to edit videos for social media.

Mac and iPad.
Best in class and beyond.

Both are powerful on their own, and together they unlock even more possibilities.

Super speed. Serious smarts.
A+ battery life. 

Work where inspiration strikes. With Mac and iPad, you get long battery life — so you can stay focused without needing to plug in.1

Tear through tough assignments. 

Mac and iPad help you take on whatever class throws your way with the incredible speed, responsiveness, and breakthrough performance of Apple silicon.

Take noteworthy notes with Apple Pencil. 

Tap into even more capabilities on iPad with Apple Pencil. Transform handwritten notes to text, mark up PDFs for class, and solve equations like you would on paper with Calculator and Math Notes.2

Work flows from app to app. 

Use window tiling to arrange windows side by side, so you can manage multiple tasks and move between apps effortlessly.

Edit with a click or tap? Say less. Or more. 

Writing Tools in Apple Intelligence can instantly make your email and notes more concise, rewrite them until the tone and wording are just right, and summarize selected text with a click or tap.3

Ready to get things done. 

Built-in apps like Notes, Keynote, Freeform, and Pages help you take notes, create presentations, collaborate on group projects, and crush your coursework.

Summarize study sessions in a snap. 

On iPad, Mac, or iPhone, tap record in the Notes app to capture audio recordings. Then quickly generate a summary with Apple Intelligence to reference later.3

Reliability. Ace the test of time.
Built to last from class to career. 

Made with durable recycled aluminum, Mac and iPad are designed to stand up to whatever college throws at them. So you can rely on them long after graduation.

Optimized for on the go. 

Take Mac and iPad with you wherever your day takes you — from the dorm and the library to the café. And if your device ever goes missing, you can easily track it down with the Find My app.

Speed with staying power. 

Apple silicon delivers impressive speed and AI performance, while fast unified memory and storage enable quick access to files. Mac and iPad can handle what you need now and are ready for what’s next.

Free software updates keep you up and running. 

Regular macOS and iPadOS updates deliver new features and help ensure that your device runs smoothly and securely for years to come.

Handled with AppleCare+. 

Students get special pricing on AppleCare+, which offers one-stop support and service for your devices. Get accidental damage protection and coverage for lost or stolen devices and connect with an expert anytime.

iPad, Mac, and iPhone. Calm, cool, and connected.
Use your iPhone. From your Mac. 

With iPhone Mirroring, see and use what’s on your iPhone from your Mac. You can also drag and drop files between devices.

Sync your schoolwork across devices. 

Control both your Mac and iPad using a single keyboard and mouse or trackpad with Universal Control. Create designs in Autodesk AutoCAD on Mac, then slide your cursor to iPad to make precise edits with Apple Pencil.

Quickly share with AirDrop. 

Share photos and large files via Bluetooth between your iPhone, iPad, and Mac, and with other students’ nearby Apple devices. No internet needed.

iPad + Mac. Teamwork on full display. 

With Sidecar, you can use your iPad as a display that extends your Mac desktop. So you can work in one app while you reference another or mirror the screens so they display the same content.

All the apps you need.
And an app-load more.
Productivity
Creativity
STEM
AI
Coding

Goodnotes, Mail, Microsoft Excel, Maps

Final Cut Pro, Procreate Dreams

MATLAB, SketchUp

Keynote, Msty Studio, Pixelmator Pro

Xcode

Run your favorite productivity apps — from Google Workspace for Education, Goodnotes, and Microsoft 365 to Notability and Slack.

Productivity apps for Mac
Productivity apps for iPad
Explore the Mac and iPad lineups.
Mac
iPad

Mac is built to run powerful apps and comes in multiple models and sizes, each with several ports to connect high‑speed accessories and external displays.

Help me choose
Shop Mac for students
New
MacBook Neo
An amazing Mac for everyday assignments — at a surprising price.

From $499 or $41.58/mo. for 12 mo.** with education savings

Buy
Learn more
New
MacBook Air 13” and 15”
Thin, fast, and powerful for taking on almost
any major, anywhere.

From $999 or $83.25/mo. for 12 mo.** with education savings

Buy
Learn more
New
MacBook Pro 14” and 16”
The most advanced Mac laptops for the most power- and graphics-intensive majors.

From $1599 or $133.25/mo. for 12 mo.** with education savings

Buy
Learn more
Mac mini
The mini-est, most affordable Mac desktop, with mighty performance for majors from liberal arts to STEM.

From $699 or $58.25/mo. for 12 mo.** with education savings

Buy
Learn more
iMac
An all-in-one desktop for working on everything from photo editing to final papers.

From $1249 or $104.08/mo. for 12 mo.** with education savings

Buy
Learn more

iPad is great for multitasking on the go, taking video, and connecting from anywhere through Wi-Fi or cellular. Pair with Magic Keyboard to type or Apple Pencil to draw and take notes.

Shop iPad for students
New
iPad Air 11” and 13”
Serious performance for most majors in a thin and light design that fits into any backpack.

From $549 or $45.75/mo. for 12 mo.** with education savings

Buy
Learn more
iPad Pro 11” and 13”
The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology you can take to any lab, field, or studio.

From $899 or $74.91/mo. for 12 mo.** with education savings

Buy
Learn more
Help me choose.

Answer a few questions to find the best Mac for you.

Get started
Learn to do more with Mac and iPad.
Expand all
accordion items
Can I use Apple Intelligence to proofread my work?
Yes. With Apple Intelligence, you can use Writing Tools to proofread your notes, emails, and papers on Mac and iPad.3 They’re available in most places you write, including third-party apps and websites.

On Mac, select the text you want to refine, Control-click the selected text, then choose Show Writing Tools.

Tip: To open Writing Tools in some apps — like Notes and Mail — you can hold the pointer over the selected text and click , or click  in the toolbar.

Click Proofread. Apple Intelligence checks your text for grammatical and spelling errors. All changes are underlined with a glowing line.
Do any of the following:
Switch between the updated and original versions of your text: Click .
View changes and an explanation for each change: Click  and .
Revert to the unedited version of your text: Click Revert.
When you’re finished, click Done.
Learn more about Writing Tools on Mac
Learn about Writing Tools on iPad
Are there built-in apps for brainstorming and collaboration?
Use Freeform on Mac or iPad to create a shared whiteboard to plan your ideas for anything from group projects to organizing a volunteer event. And with an Apple Creator Studio subscription, you can unlock premium content and features in Freeform.
Gather ideas and collaborate with others.

You can put just about any kind of file in a Freeform board without worrying about layouts or page sizes. To collaborate, invite others to start working together in real time on a board.

Learn more about Freeform on Mac
Learn more about Freeform on iPad
Everything you need in one place.

Subscribe to Apple Creator Studio to access a rich library of premium content and AI-powered features like automatic cropping and advanced image generation. Only $2.99 per month for college students.4

Apple Creator Studio

What tools can I use to code?
Learn to create great apps for all Apple platforms with Swift and Xcode — whether you’re taking your first software class or working on a technical side project.

Get started with developer tools

How can I take notes and customize folders on Mac?
With Quick Note, you can jot down ideas and add links, no matter what you’re doing on your Mac. And you can customize the look of folders and files with colors, symbols, or emoji, or choose a custom icon for any file or folder.
Create a Quick Note

If you’re working in an app and want to write something down, you can easily create a Quick Note. Do one of the following:

Use the keyboard shortcut: Press and hold , then press Q.
Use hot corners: Move the pointer to the bottom-right corner of the screen (the default hot corner for Quick Note), then click the note that appears. To change or turn off the hot corner, see Use hot corners.
Use Safari: See Add Safari links to a Quick Note or Add content from Safari to a Quick Note.

To close a Quick Note, click  in the top-left corner of the note. To open the Quick Note again, use any of the methods above.

To always create a new Quick Note (instead of opening the previous one), choose Notes > Settings, then deselect “Always resume to last Quick Note.”

Learn more about Quick Notes on Mac

Customize a folder
On your Mac, select a folder, then click .
Choose Customize Folder.
Do any of the following:
Change the folder color: Click a colored circle.
Add a symbol: Select a symbol from the list.
Add an emoji: Click Emoji, then select an emoji.

Note: Although you can customize the Home folder, you can’t customize other folders that come with your Mac, such as Applications, Library, System, and Users.

Learn more about folders on Mac

How do I record and transcribe study sessions on iPad?
It’s easy to record group study sessions on iPad and get a searchable transcript.
Go to the Notes app  on your iPad.
In a note, tap , then tap Record Audio.
To start the recording, tap .
To take notes while recording, swipe down from the top of the screen.
When you’re done, tap .
To see the transcript, tap .

Note: Spoken words in supported languages are automatically transcribed. If you don’t see , your iPad either doesn’t meet the minimum requirements or doesn’t detect a supported language.

Learn more about transcripts on iPad
Learn about transcripts on Mac
How do I turn my outlines into presentations?
If you subscribe to Apple Creator Studio, you can use a text outline to generate a presentation in Keynote, complete with titles, bullet points, and a consistent theme.
Learn more about Keynote on Mac
Learn more about Keynote on iPad
Can I quickly turn a sketch into an image on iPad?
Yes. Use Image Wand in Apple Intelligence to turn a rough sketch into a related image that complements your notes.
Go to the Notes app  on your iPad.
Open an existing note or tap  to start a new note.
Tap , create a sketch using your finger or Apple Pencil, then tap Image Wand.
Circle your sketch, enter a description, then tap .
Swipe through the created images to find one you like.
Tap  to choose a different style — Animation, Illustration, or Sketch.

To refine your image, tap a description, then edit it. To save it, tap Done.

Note: Apple Intelligence is not available on all iPad models or in all languages or regions. To access the most recent available features, make sure you’re using the latest version of iPadOS and have Apple Intelligence turned on.

Learn more about Image Wand on iPad

Which features can help me stay focused on my goals?
Minimize notifications and distractions with Focus. Set a Focus on Mac and it easily syncs across your other Apple devices.
Go to the System Settings app  on your Mac.
Click  Focus in the sidebar. (You may need to scroll down.)
Do one of the following:
Add a provided Focus: Click Add Focus, then click a Focus, such as Gaming or Work.
Create a custom Focus: Click Add Focus, then click Custom. Enter a name, select a color and icon, then click OK. For example, you might create a Study Focus. You can create up to 10.

Turn Intelligent Breakthrough & Silencing on or off.

When Intelligent Breakthrough & Silencing is on, Apple Intelligence allows important notifications to interrupt you and silences notifications determined not to be important. Any notifications specifically allowed or silenced will always be allowed or silenced.

If you added the Reduce Interruptions Focus, Intelligent Breakthrough & Silencing is already turned on (and can’t be turned off). See Summarize notifications and reduce interruptions with Apple Intelligence.

Do any of the following:
Choose which notifications to allow
Schedule a Focus to turn on or off automatically
Customize app behavior

If you keep Focus up to date across your Apple devices, the changes you make on your Mac are reflected on your other devices.

Learn more about Focus on Mac
Learn about Focus on iPad
How can I organize my workspace?
Use Stage Manager to keep your desktop organized as you multitask. It keeps the app you’re working with front and center, with other apps neatly arranged along the left side of the screen for quick access.

On your Mac, you can:

Switch apps: Click an app on the left side of the screen.
Arrange windows: Reposition, resize, and overlap windows to suit your workflow.
Group apps: Drag an app from the left side of the screen to add it to a group of apps in the center of the screen.
Ungroup apps: Drag an app to the left side of the screen to remove it from the group.

If you turned off “Show recent apps in Stage Manager” in Stage Manager settings, the list of apps on the left is hidden. Move the pointer to the left edge of the screen to show it.

Learn more about organizing your Mac
Learn about organizing your iPad
Are Apple devices designed for every student?
Yes. Apple devices come with built-in accessibility features like Magnifier, a digital magnifying glass that zooms in on, detects, and describes objects around you, and Live Captions, which provides real-time captions of lectures and audio.

Learn more about accessibility

Make Apple for college a reality.
Pay over time, interest‑free.

When you choose to check out at Apple with Apple Card Monthly installments.◊

Learn more

Save with
Apple Trade In.

Get credit toward a new Mac when you trade in an eligible device.

Learn more

Get special savings on AppleCare+.

Save on accidental damage protection and more with education pricing on AppleCare+ for Mac and AppleCare+ for iPad.

Learn more

Our values lead the way.
Private and secure. On campus and off.

Every Apple product is built from the ground up to protect your privacy and to give you the freedom to choose what you share and how you share it.

Learn more

Innovation that’s accessible for every learner.

Our products and services are designed for everyone, with built-in features to help you do what you love, your way.

Learn more

Designed with the
environment in mind.

Apple products are made from recycled materials and shipped in 100% fiber-based packaging.

Learn more

Apple Footer
* Education pricing is available to current and newly accepted college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff, and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. For more information, visit apple.com/us-edu/store.
** Financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as your payment type at checkout at Apple. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. ACMI is not available for purchases made at special storefronts or when using such special discounts in-store at Apple, except ACMI is available at the Education storefront and with the Education discount. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.
◊ Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com, the Apple Store app, or by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See here for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of January 1, 2026, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 17.49% to 27.74%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI‑eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers (prepaid carrier plans are not supported): AT&T, Boost Mobile, T‑Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made at the following special storefronts or when using these discounts in-store at Apple: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.




To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.

Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Goldman Sachs Bank USA for Apple Card and Savings accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank.

All communications from Apple and Goldman Sachs Bank USA about Apple Card (including transactional and marketing communications) and customer service support are available in English. Certain communications about Apple Card can be viewed in another language depending on your device language settings. If you reside in the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, or U.S. Minor Outlying Islands, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card.

Battery life varies by use and configuration. See apple.com/batteries for more information.
Apple Pencil is sold separately.
Apple Intelligence is available in beta. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. For feature and language availability and system requirements, see support.apple.com/121115.
New subscribers only. Plan automatically renews at $2.99/month or $29.99/year based on plan selected until cancelled. College students and educators only. Verification required. Terms apply. Limited-time offer; offer may end at any time. Offer good for verified college students and educators only and does not extend to a Family Sharing group.
Apps are available on the App Store. Title availability is subject to change.

Apple
 Education
 College Students
Shop and Learn
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Account
Manage Your Apple Account
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple Store
Find a Store
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Group Reservations
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
Apple and Healthcare
For Government
Apple and Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Shop for State and Local Employees
Shop for Federal Employees
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supply Chain Innovation
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753).
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
United States